The following decree seals Yuanping as Yuanfei
Pearl Tiger
Jiangnan silk and satin fifth grade
The concubine who paid tribute in Lingnan also sent him some
Obey the order, the slave will do it now
I don't know how well you sisters are doing recently.
If there is any discomfort
This palace can also take one or two blessings.
Sister, how are you?
Sister Wang Fan is worried
I don't know if it's okay to meet every day?
He looks like this because he wants everyone to respect him
Let's suppress Concubine Yuan in my state of mind
Yeah.
I forgot to congratulate Sister Yuan Fei
She was promoted to the position of concubine at a young age
It's a blessing
Right.
My sister heard that the emperor has completed official business every day recently
I will call Sister Yuan Fei to shoot arrows
How enviable!
Speaking of which,
I really want to see it
Concubine Yuan's sister's swordsmanship
Sure enough, it came for me
My sister didn't learn swordsmanship for a long time
Poor memory
Fear of the emperor's reputation
The emperor's swordsmanship is unparalleled by anyone in the world
The person who wants to force him to train
It's almost there.
My sister is afraid that she told us to steal the study.
Yeah, I guess my sister is not a private person, is she?
It seems that there is no escape
That sister is ugly